thanks for tuning back in to another
episode of Brett saying and Bret Barnett
and today we're at center staging here
in Burbank and we're building a rack for
a drummer James Agnew who plays with
Jason Derulo now James works with a
number of different artists and we're
going to build him a rack that he can
use in every situation that he's in now
James really likes the curve look he
wants the front legs to be curved so
they contour the shape of the bass drum
adds a lot more flair to it and iWhat
gonna do is we're gonna add a couple a
couple tears on each side to give him
more mounting options so James is
actually on his way right now but we're
gonna go ahead and get started this is
our base this is where everything
stabilized from is this front portion
like this is our core you know our Tom's
right other things we build everything
back he's using 30 inch curved bars for
the sides these leg supports this front
crossbar is not gonna be this high but
this is very easy to get your hype
figured out if you just put the bar at
the very top the clamp to the very top
of the bar so what I'm doing is I'm
rotating the bar backwards because I
need the bar to be on a horizontal plane
as if it's mad laying on an imaginary
tabletop so that all points in the bar
are flat usually like it's I call it
three point leveling you know the middle
point if you just measure the middle
point it could show that it's level but
it may not be level that just may be the
top of the arc or the bottom of the
smile you know that's always going to be
level there the real test to see if it's
level is if it's gonna be level on both
ends if it's level on both ends and in
the middle you know that you've got it
exactly flat
do something about this okay so we can
position these times get the height of
the toms and then we can pull the bar
down as low as we actually need so these
are not actually James's drums this is a
Center stagings drum kit they are being
generous enough to allow us to use it
for the time being but his drums are in
rehearsal right now so we aren't going
to get as close as we can with what we
have and of course I'm not gonna get too
comfortable with everything here because
he's gonna come in and he's gonna adjust
it the way
like this in another bar like this
that's gonna be two-tiered like that